well howdy there internet people its
bogey on so tonight we're gonna talk
about Andrew yang and how he won now I
know weird night to talk about that
given the fact that he just ended his
run for the Democratic nomination but he
won
Andrew yang kind of put himself out
there somebody who's good at math I
don't think that he had any delusions
about whether or not he was going to win
the nomination
he knew he was a long shot he knew he
wasn't a viable candidate his ideal
outside looking in was he was a
messenger candidate he was trying to
bring a new idea to the forefront he
succeeded he succeeded you have hundreds
of thousands of people now familiar with
the idea of universal basic income that
in and of itself to me means nothing
beyond that there are hundreds of
thousands of people who without him
would not have embraced a radical idea
that's a radical concept and in order to
embrace that idea that had to admit
something to themselves they had to
admit that the current system isn't
sustainable they had to admit that the
system as it is is flawed and will fail
he did that he got that message out you
know people pointing to this campaign as
a failure because they're looking at it
from a political standpoint as in
election politics well he went on
podcast and embraced mean culture and it
didn't get him anywhere
mmm I don't know about the Hat
if creating hundreds of thousands of
people who have accepted the idea that
we need systemic change if that's a
failure I hope one day to fail as hard
as he did I would say that it was a huge
success in that regard but see now you
got another question it's to those
people all right your Messiah he's not
gonna be a candidate probably won't run
for the nomination in four years it's
over but you've been introduced to that
radical idea that idea that this system
is flawed and will fail without systemic
change what do you do now do you give up
because you don't have yang because you
don't have a leader can I don't think
many would fault you but for that
percentage of his yang gang that looked
a little deeper into it and got into the
fact that this is something that has to
happen
not necessarily ubi but some form of
system of change you know now you have
the means you have the responsibility
you can't stop you can't become
politically inactive simply because your
candidate didn't get the nomination I
don't think your candidate ever intended
to get the nomination I think he
intended to create you
you don't need a political candidate to
fall behind and follow everything they
do and support no matter what if there's
anything you can learn from that
campaign it's that radical ideas and new
thought can come from anywhere
nobody nobody pictured Andrew yang
coming to the Democratic Party and
introducing this idea as something that
could happen but it did you don't need a
leader
you've got the font now run with it
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night